MTM-43476 Review alarm mapping (#247)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/users-guide/administration-bundle/business-rules.md

4. Select the desired new severity, or select "Drop" to not show the alarm at all.
5. Click **Save** to save your settings.

> > **Info:** The alarm type provided as an alarm mapping is interpreted as alarm type prefix: &quot;&#60;type-prefix&#62;*&quot;. If you create for example an alarm mapping to address alarms of type &quot;crit-alarm&quot;, the mapping is effective for any type of alarm that starts with this value e.g. &quot;crit-alarm-1&quot;, &quot;crit-alarm-2&quot;, or &quot;crit-alarm-xyz&quot;.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Info:** The alarm type provided as an alarm mapping is interpreted as alarm type prefix: &quot;&#60;type-prefix&#62;*&quot;. If you create, for example, an alarm mapping to address alarms of type &quot;crit-alarm&quot;, the mapping is effective for any type of alarm that starts with this value e.g. &quot;crit-alarm-1&quot;, &quot;crit-alarm-2&quot;, or &quot;crit-alarm-xyz&quot;.
```

#### To edit an alarm mapping

Expand an alarm mapping to edit it. You may modify the description and the alarm severity. The alarm type is not editable.

> > **Info:** To discard modified alarms without save in order to start over, refresh the list. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Info:** Refresh the list to discard the modified alarms in order to start over without saving the current status. 
```

Reviewer 2: The sounds very complicated :-). I would just have it: "Refresh the list to discard any changes without saving."

Reviewer 2: Changed in the source file.
